#How to Load Data Generated by Cocos v2.0
CSB files, published by cocos v2.0, need to be loaded with CSLoader. CSLoader has been available from cocos2d-x 3.3 RC0. Currently Cocos Studio supports C++ ,js and lua. The following are C++, js and lua code. 

###1.	C++
    #include "ui/CocosGUI.h"//UI 
    #include"cocostudio/CocoStudio.h" 
    using namespace cocos2d;// 
    using namespace cocostudio::timeline; 
    void myScene::initFunc() 
    { 
    Node *rootNode = CSLoader::createNode("MainScene.csb"); 
    this->addChild(rootNode); 
    ActionTimeline *action = CSLoader::createTimeline("MainScene.csb"); 
    rootNode->runAction(action); 
    action->gotoFrameAndPlay(0,60,true); 
    action->setFrameEventCallFunc(CC_CALLBACK_1(myScene::onFrameEvent, this)); 
    } 
    void myScene::onFrameEvent(Frame* frame) 
    { 
     EventFrame* evnt = dynamic_cast<EventFrame*>(frame); 
     if(!evnt) 
        return; 
  
    std::string str = evnt->getEvent(); 
     if (str == "xxoo") 
     { 
        CCLOG("come on baby"); 
     } 
    }

###2. js

resource.js

    var res=
    {
	 HelloWorld_png:"res/HelloWorld.png",
	 MainScene_json:"res/MainScene.json"
    };

    var g_resource=[];
    for(var i inres)
    {
	 g_resource.push(res[i]);
    }

app.js

    var HelloWorldLayer=cc.Layer.extend{{
    sprite:null,
    ctor:function()
     {
     this._super();
     var size=cc.winSize;
     var mainscene=ccs.load(res.MainScene_json);
     var action = mainscene.action;

        if(action){

        	mainscene.node.runAction(action);

        	action.gotoFrameAndPlay(0,true);

        }

     this.addChild(mainscene.node);

     return true;
     }
     }};

###3. Lua

    local function RunExportedCSB(csbFileName)
       -- get root node from csb file.
       local node = cc.CSLoader:createNode(csbFileName)
       -- run animation in the scene
       local action = cc.CSLoader:createTimeline(csbFileName)
       node:runAction(action)
       action:gotoFrameAndPlay(0, true)

       -- add csb returned node to scene.
       local runningScene = cc.Director:getInstance():getRunningScene()
       if runningScene then
        runningScene:addChild(node)
       end
    end

Please check src\app\views\MainScene.lua and src\packages\mvc\ViewBase.lua for related code.
  
####Notes: 
1. You can locate *.csb files in the subdirectory (res) of the published project. 
2. Data exported from cocos v2.1+, cocos2d-x v3.4+ and cocos 2d-js v3.3+ can be loaded. 
3. Cocos v2.x assumes that the resources’ directory of the editor is same as the directory of the game. If the directory of the exported files has been changed, so has the directory of the editor. You can also add the file path into FileUils with addSearchpath, and it should be noted that file name conflicts are not supported. 
